Peggy Doozer
hi everyone my name is suckin ass on and
I'm the lead mission designer at ivory
tower working on the crew today I'm
going to introduce you to the features
you'll be able to get your hands on
during our closed beta thanks for
joining us before we begin remember that
this closed beta does not represent the
final game the many modifications may be
applied before we release now as most of
you already know the crew is a driving
game set in an open world of MMORPG
components it's an MMO meaning you'll be
playing online with friends and
strangers on a single cell and as an RPG
it means you'll be earning XP leveling
up and tuning your cars into each of
five unique specs all fully customizable
finally an open-world game that lets you
drive anywhere in the USA
whether it's on asphalt roads dirt
tracks or wide open terrain without a
loading screen in sight as you can see
we've divided the country into five
regions each with their unique
environments moods and driving
experiences now in this closed beta
you'll have access to all of the
activities in the Midwest and key
locations on the East Coast however the
entire country is also available for you
to explore have fun your adventure will
begin in the Midwest Detroit to be exact
in the heart of Motor City after a short
prologue you'll have access to a wide
range of activities missions are the
narrative glue of the game taking you
across a wide range of locations and
introducing you to a range of characters
and gameplay elements all of them can be
played solo or income
skill challenges are short gameplay
sessions where you can really put those
skills to the test there are a wide
variety of skill challenges and we
expect you'll be replaying them trying
to achieve that perfect run in a
synchronous competition through our
online leaderboards PvP missions aware
you can compete you up to seven other
planes you'll be taking part in specific
races all across the country duking it
out to find out who truly is the best
driver landmarks are located all across
the country and allow you to take a
timeout appreciate the diverse landscape
and who knows maybe you'll even learn a
thing or two about the United States now
is in any RPG all of these activities
will reward you with XP cash and car
parts for participating now in addition
to the activities on offer for several
key locations you'll want to visit every
once in a while car dealers are where
you'll be able to buy new vehicles
you'll find a different one in each
region with its own unique offering of
cars now buying a car is one thing but
tuning that car will improve your
chances of victory cartoon errs away you
turn your factory spec ride into a
custom tuned monster you'll find a
different one in each region each
specializing in one of the five car
specs in the game now in the closed beta
you'll have access to two locations one
in Detroit the other in New York
allowing you to tune your own Street and
dirt spec cars
finally you'll want to visit your HQ
this is the place where you'll be able
to install the car parts you've earned
and dive into the deep customization of
your vehicles now we're a classic RPG
would reward you with a new sword or new
braces in the crew you'll be rewarded
with a new engine tires or suspension
system to equip on your car each of
these will affect your car's performance
or look and each vehicle can be
customized in up to 20 different areas
11 of which affect performance while the
remaining nine are purely cosmetic this
allows you to truly make each car you're
very ugh it's not just cars that you can
customize as you level up you learn perk
points which you can use to unlock and
upgrade a variety of perks perks have
effects ranging from enhancing your
car's performance to boosting the amount
of cash and XP you earn or granting
brand new abilities that make your game
experience more convenient and more
comfortable actually let's head to your
car collection now each car can be tuned
in a number of different ways these are
called specs one of the unique elements
of the crew in the closed beta you'll
have access to two specs Street and dirt
the street spec will be introduced to
you in the Midwest it's the closest type
of vehicle to your everyday car and is
at its best when you're driving in
cities dodging traffic and competing in
illegal street races the dirt spec is
your first off-road spec unlocked on the
East Coast once you've reached the car
tuner in New York you'll also get a
glimpse of other specs and some of the
missions you'll be able to play
once you leave your HQ you're free to
drive wherever you want you can drive
the next mission or the closest
challenge and of course you can free
roam or use a fast travel function to
visit any place that you've already been
to in the blink of an eye
the last key component of the crew rates
online features as we've said earlier
we've made the game entirely online so
players can enjoy all the adventures of
driving with whoever they want at any
time before you join your friends and
other players online we ask that you
complete our short prologue the goal of
this period is to introduce you to the
crew or the game completes its
installation once it's done the crews
world is yours you'll also be able to
see your friends on the world map at any
time if they're part of your you play
friend list this way you can truly enjoy
the experience of an MMO with new
encounters and all the surprises to
expect from it your friends always
accessible to play now this wraps up the
presentation of our closed beta for the
crew from everyone it's ivory tower and
all the Ubisoft studio is working on the
game we hope you have a great time
playing and we'll see you soon on the
road thank you
you